(Episode 3)
Who owns that white car?
It's mine.
What about this one?
We can go to the police station later.
You two should get treated first.
All right.
Are you okay?
I'm okay, so stop staring at me.
Pardon?
Okay.
I believe in you...
because it's me.
That's why I trust you.
How can you trust me?
Sorry?
What do you mean?
About what I said earlier.
I told you that you and your mom will die because of Yoo Bum.
I would never believe my words if I were you.
I would even be furious.
I'm not mad.
I really believe that you saved me.
Why do you believe in me?
I'm not saying that I lied.
You dreamed about it, didn't you?
And your dreams kept becoming real.
Am I right?
How did you know that?
I have such dreams too.
And my dreams always come true.
Just like yours.
Excuse me, are you okay?
You're sweating so much.
It's a little hot in here.
Are you okay, honey?
Yes.
You keep having such dreams?
Yes, and I have a lot of them.
Was that your first time?
Yes.
How far can you...
What I mean is, how far can you predict?
I'm not asking this because I believe your words.
There's no limit.
It can be a month away or tomorrow.
It can even be a few minutes later.
Have your dreams ever been wrong?
Never.
There are dreams that haven't come true, but none of them were wrong.
You've never tried to alter them?
That's why you are amazing.
I really did save someone?
That's right.
Then what's going to happen?
I mean, it's not that I believe your words,
but say for example that I really changed the future.
Let's just say that I did.
Then what's going to happen?
I'm not sure.
When you stop the running water, it diverts its course.
You stopped things from happening, just like stopping the running water.
Time will flow differently.
Gosh, I need to lose weight.
Why were you so late today?
Don't even bring it up.
I almost died.
I might die if I don't lose weight.
Yes, I tried to maintain the best condition for myself,
and I practiced hard.
Ms. Park So Yoon, you made it to the finals of...
the International Chopin Competition for the first time as a Korean.
Please comment on that.
Many people rooted for me.
I will do my best, so I wouldn't disappoint...
- Oh, no. - What happened?
- Mom. - Honey.
Ma'am? Call 911 now.
- Honey. - Mom.
- What's happening? - What's going on?
What is this?
- Can you see? - Don't take photos.
I did not do this.
Hello? Is this the police?
I want to report a domestic violence.
I told you I didn't do this!
Get out of the way.
- Mom, please get up. - Don't take photos.
- Hurry and come, please. - Mom.
If time passes the other way,
which way does it go to?
To a better direction? Or the other way?
I have yet to try changing how time passes.
I don't know also.
But what I can assure you is that...
people don't notice that time has changed in the beginning.
Then, as time passes by,
the difference will get bigger.
Do you know who I am?
So Yoon.
Are you all right?
How could you come here?
I just...
I just dropped by.
Don't you ever say a word about what happened today.
You saw nothing today. Do you understand?
Understood.
I won't tell anyone. Never.
All right.
Thank you.
One thing is certain...
from now on, time will pass the other way.
Whether it passes to a good direction or bad.
I guess so.
Now, it's my turn to ask you.
Why did you come save me?
I was only a dream to you.
Why did you save me even when you had your car crushed...
and got hurt like this?
I don't know.
Are you not sure?
I think I know why.
What do you mean?
When did it start?
Since when did you fall in love with me?
What? Fall in love with you?
Who? Me?
Bingo!
There must have been a misunderstanding.
You fell in love with me when I hugged you, right?
That's why you hugged me back, right?
No, I only hugged you because you hugged me first. I had no feelings.
You felt nothing? But you hugged me tight. You even patted my back.
So you just hug any girls?
No way.
So I am not just any girl.
What was it that was so special about me?
What did you like so much about me?
I'm confused. Why do you put it this way?
No, I was wrong.
You hugged me after you saved me.
Then was it...
at the bus stop?
Or when you brought me...
the rice cake?
Oh, my goodness. So it was then!
Did you fall in love with my voice?
Goodness. Wait, that's not it.
Did you move next to my house because of me?
You are driving me crazy.
(The Good Guy)
(Seoul)
Which police station? Yes.
What's the crime and sentence for it?
(The Bad Guy)
I got goosebumps.
So it's true you moved because of me.
(The Weird One)
(The Good Guy, The Bad Guy, The Weird One)
Are you all right?
Hey, get up already!
Five more minutes.
We're late.
We are late!
Hey, you!
You little brat!
What time is it?
Make my cereal too.
You make it yourself.
I'm having a hard time.
You are acting weird.
What are you, a teenager?
Jae Chan.
What?
Don't you ever say a word about what happened today.
- It's nothing. - What? Are you being mysterious?
Anyway, what's with you and the girl next door?
You two going out?
Do you want to die?
Life is boring for you, isn't it?
Why? You worried so much about her.
You saved her despite crushing your new car.
Mom, that guy fell in love with me completely.
Who is that guy?
That new guy next door.
Young and handsome.
Goodness. Then what about that lawyer?
Mom, don't even start talking about him.
He would have used me so he can make a living.
So will you break up with him?
Then do you want me to keep seeing him?
He could've destroyed both of us.
So now you want to go out with the guy next door?
No, it's not that.
It's not that I want to change my boyfriend.
I'm just going to pay him back for saving me.
Pay him back? What do you mean by that?
Jae Chan saved both of our lives.
I must pay him back for the rest of my life.
It's only the right thing to do.
How will you pay back?
He seems like he has never dated any girls.
What can I do? I should save him, shouldn't I?
You should think this through.
It could be paying back with disgrace.
Disgrace?
That sounds nice too.
Like Romeo and Juliet.
It makes me excited.
She is a total lunatic.
She thinks I fell in love with her. She's a total narcissist.
She should go see a therapist.
Or there should be a law to distinguish such mad people.
That way we can avoid people like her.
I was so unlucky to run into her.
But you said it yourself...
that she seemed so sad in your dream.
She wasn't sad!
It was rather scary.
Yes, I saved her because she was scary.
No. Actually, I didn't save her.
I never said anything about my dream.
People will think I'm crazy if they hear about my dream.
All right. Fine.
Who could it be at this hour?
Hey, it's the girl next door.
What?
Hi, I'm Hong Joo from next door.
Hi, how can I help you?
Oh, whose voice is so handsome?
Show me your face. I'm curious.
- What's wrong with her? - See? I told you.
She needs to be distinguished.
I can hear you both.
I made some rice balls to share with you.
- Excuse me, Ms. Nam Hong Joo. - Yes?
I can't believe what you told me about dreams.
So it's not like I saved you.
And you don't have to pay me back.
You can take back your rice balls.
She should have understood what I said.
Oh, you can't believe it?
I absolutely understood what you meant.
(Flowers)
- Good morning. - Hello.
[VIU Ver] E03 While You Were Sleeping "The Dream"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- What does a chick say? - Cheep, cheep.
- What does a puppy say? - Bow-wow.
- What does a bird say? - Chirp, chirp.
- What does a chick say? - Cheep, cheep.
- What does a puppy say? - Bow-wow.
- What does a bird say? - Chirp, chirp.
What does a chick say?
It's this very tall guy with really long arms.
His name is Jung Jae Chan.
Thank you, Mr. Jung Jae Chan.
Here is your coffee.
Hello, welcome.
In three minutes, a tall guy will come and make his order.
He is wearing a beige outer.
If he comes, please do this for me.
-I'll have... -You are ordering an Americano...
with double shots and hazelnut syrup, right?
Yes, that will be it.
I'll make the payment.
The train will now approach...
Please get on board after everyone gets out of the train.
Do you know each other?
- No. - Yes.
- Do you want me to change seats? - No, it's fine.
Thank you.
The door on your left will open.
It's me. Nam Hong Joo from next door.
I know.
You must have many questions now.
You must be wondering if I followed you,
but that's not the case because I was in the train before you.
It seems weird to be coincidence.
Am I right?
Are you reading my mind now?
I actually followed you.
Because I saw where you were going in my dream.
I saw the balloon getting stuck in the tree.
I saw you ordering coffee too.
And I saw you taking the subway to go to work.
I also saw which stations you got on and off.
I told you I can foresee the future in my dream.
So it's true that you saved me.
And it's true I owe you big time.
Right?
Why are you so quiet?
I came all the way to hear your answer.
Oh, right. You will need this later on.
Please stand behind the yellow line.
I don't believe in your words.
You said you dreamed about me.
Why are you denying it?
I'm not denying it.
I'm just not believing it.
What?
I don't want to believe it.
I will never believe it even if I dream the same thing again.
I don't care who dies in my dream.
- Why not? - If I do,
I have to save whoever is dying. If I can't do that,
I'll have to blame myself endlessly.
I can't handle that.
Can you handle it?
No, I can't.
If you can't handle it, ignore all your dreams.
As if they never happened.
That will make you suffer less.
If you really want to make a change, look for someone else.
I could not find anyone else.
I don't know why it had to be you.
Look for someone else harder.
If there are 2, there must be 3 and 4 too.
I told you there isn't anyone else.
It's just you.
Dad, I dreamed something weird last night.
Like what?
1, 2,
three.
You died in my dream.
How did I die?
Did I bleed a lot?
A lot of blood means a good sign.
Snap it with your wrist.
- Let's try again. - Your bus had an explosion.
An explosion? How?
A young soldier got on your bus.
He had grenades and guns.
Hong Joo, this is not the US.
Your dream is very unlikely to happen.
But what I saw was real!
He threw the grenade in the bus. Then everyone died.
Dad, can you not go to work today?
My dream was too realistic.
Was it? Then...
if you do one thing for me, I'll think about it.
What kind?
No way! I will never do it.
I didn't ask you something big. Why wouldn't you do it for me?
You'll need this later.
Darn it.
Goodness. The weather forecast is never right.
Sir, good morning.
Goodness. I didn't know I'd run into you here.
Hey, did you bring an umbrella?
No, I'll run to the convenience store and get one.
- Sir. - Hey, Ms. Shin.
Where's your car?
I couldn't bring it today due to our policy.
Do you happen to have an umbrella?
Of course.
Gosh.
I'll take you to the office safely.
That's good news.
Prosecutor Jung, what shall we do? My umbrella is too small for three.
Oh, it's okay. I'll be fine, so just take him with you.
Okay. Bye then.
- Let's go, sir. - All right.
By the way, why does he talk casually to you?
I guess it's because he was a senior back in college.
That was in college. He should respect the order in our office.
That guy must have no idea.
I know. He has a long way to go.
I'm sorry for being late.
It suddenly started to rain.
Mr. Park, you went overboard this time.
According to her medical report, you broke six of her ribs.
Our employees had a hard time getting rid of those CCTV footages.
I know they had a hard time. That's why I pay a hefty amount.
A charge of injury will complicate things, so I'll talk with...
the doctors and make it an assault.
Write letters of apology for each date, just in case.
You know what comes next if you get charged with assault, right?
You must get a consent form signed by your wife.
- So that... - I won't be prosecuted...
because she does not have the right of arraignment. I know that much.
Your wife will sign the form, right?
If she doesn't, that means she will put me in jail.
Don't worry.
She will never make So Yoon a daughter of a convict.
Right. Yoo Bum might think it's absurd.
He was blamed for something he didn't do.
And I was hugging someone else.
It's only natural.
Be calm.
Talk with common sense.
Break up with him rationally.
You're here.
What kind of coffee do you want?
No, I'm leaving soon.
I wanted to see you because I have a lot to hear from you.
For example,
your apology.
I know...
that you're disappointed by...
how I behaved...
when the accident occurred.
I'm glad that you know that.
I know what I'm doing right now...
is not sensible at all.
I also know that you didn't do anything wrong.
But I'll sleep better if I end the relationship here.
Hey, excuse me, Hong Joo.
So let's end it here.
Call me crazy or wish the worst of me. But I have nothing to say.
I'm sorry!
Are you calling this an apology?
Yes, it is an apology. I get louder when I feel really sorry.
Everything is my fault. I deserve all the blame.
I sincerely apologize!
- Hello, welcome. - Hello.
Hello. Be careful of the slippery floor.
Hey, why are you here?
Why aren't you at school?
I'm here because I'm worried.
Goodness. If you had more dreams like that, you'd quit school.
Dad, I saw that guy in my dream.
It's just a coincidence.
Dad, I think he has a gun in his bag.
Breaking news.
A private first class left the army base with a loaded riffle...
and two grenades in Gangwon Province.
He shot a police officer in a convenience store located in Seoul.
The police and army are in search of him.
The police officer who got shot died on the spot.
Reporter Kim Moo Kyung will fill you in the details.
(Episode 4 will air shortly.)